gosh coconuts really a couple days ago
so this is about as good as it gets
Wow GP GP chri bi o GB hey Jimmy Wow
coconut was thought don't go anywhere
until she got to say hello
yeah she was really waiting oh yeah okay
Bobby come on wow she is so well-groomed
where do you take her take her to do a
melda's over on hi coconut hey you said
she is it to keep the oh my gosh
over on sanitary in San Theresa and just
over man saw the bottle without foie oh
yeah yeah I take her over there because
they really do a nice job at night well
in case you don't like the Liebherr for
a long time and I have a deal with them
for a keeper for two hours
cute is our dog got her he's sort of a
fox tail thing Stockton's know
yeah over $200 were all man she got one
in her ear TV with you do those things
just work their way in once they get
started I guess Sacco is looking on the
web the other day about the Fox tails
and dogs I said they those boxy let's
get in northern I'll just travel they'll
show up in their brain no really they
used to go everywhere yeah she got in
her ear and she starts scratch shaking
her head you know I couldn't see it like
bigger the vet and he got in there and
got pulled it out but that's what
happened to tippy - yeah years ago this
time in your nose no nose yeah okay next
okay bye-bye coconut